Comprehension of this module 10 has come
to here and you have done great work Very
good, and as we already know in this
technique of comprehension, you are going
to write your answers in the commentaries
Please Number one Carson used to dream of
becoming a neurosurgeon and his hard work
eventually paid off Now, you must know
that entering the field of neurosurgery
is known for being an extremely rigorous
process Now, my question is What was
Carson's dream and how challenging is the
process to achieve it?
Number
two
One of his most notable achievements was
performing the first successful
separation of Conjoined twins who were
joined at the back of the head
What is one of Ben Carson's most famous
medical achievements?
And number three
Despite all these challenges, despite all
these challenges Dr. Ben Carson became
renowned for his skill and precision
during his career as a neurosurgeon And
also, he looked after his patients with
great care, often putting off his own comfort
So, how did Ben Carson balance his
medical skill with patient care?
All right, I look forward to your
comments in the section Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go!